hey it's Jim again from delano Mountain
custom models so I left off last time
basically by filling in all the gaps and
you can see here that I already sprayed
a whole section of track but I didn't do
the switches yet so I just want to set
the camera down here and so what I did
is I these are two sets of triple
switches and there shouldn't Harris so
basically what you need to do is make
sure that the points are taped because
it's in between the track its power by
the points so I taped those points off
and then what we're going to do is have
a can of Bajor and we're just going to
use I was just using cans of the grimy
black because they're just easier to use
on big sections but to get a little more
control in the smaller sections here I'm
going to
propel it on there and just going to use
my airbrush my old badger airbrush
let's see
there we go
this way
the can
the canned stuff is just too overkill
and you wind up getting too much paint
in between
all right so you kind of get the idea
but
what you're left with here then is
that's gotta dry but that'll all be nice
and continuous grimy black and you want
to get most of the core covered so when
you do the ballasting that you don't
have to over ballast to cover up any of
the core color and now all the ties
instead of being brown and black they're
just all black so you don't have any
problem there so when you're done then
just remove the tape and then clean off
the track and then in between the points
you're probably going to probably have
to come back with some mineral with some
mineral spirits to clean up any excess
paint that guy in there and hopefully
we'll be able to run an engine over top
of this and we'll have all the
electrical points all right well I'll
keep you abreast of what's going on here
and we ought to go back to work here and
try to click and finish this one part up
with the two switches I'll see you guys
later